Move roms to build folder (#1651)
zeldaret/oot: README.md

make
```

> If all goes well, a new ROM called "oot-gc-eu-mq-dbg.z64", located in build/gc-eu-mq-dbg/, should be built and the following text printed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all goes well, a new ROM should be built at `build/gc-eu-mq-dbg/oot-gc-eu-mq-dbg.z64`, and the following text be printed:
```
